[Connectors API] Add docs for set connector sync job stats API endpoint (#103469)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/connector/apis/set-connector-sync-job-stats-api.asciidoc

[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api]]
=== Set connector sync job stats API
++++
<titleabbrev>Set connector sync job stats</titleabbrev>
++++

Sets connector sync job stats.

[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}
`PUT _connector/_sync_job/<connector_sync_job_id>/_stats`

[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api-prereqs]]
==== {api-prereq-title}

* To sync data using connectors, it's essential to have the Elastic connectors service running.
* The `connector_sync_job_id` parameter should reference an existing connector sync job.

[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

Sets the stats for a connector sync job.
Stats include: `deleted_document_count`, `indexed_document_count`, `indexed_document_volume` and `total_document_count`.

> `last_seen` can also be update using this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`last_seen` can also be updated using this API.
```

This API is mainly used by the connector service for updating sync job information.

[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api-path-params]]
==== {api-path-parms-title}

`<connector_sync_job_id>`::
(Required, string)

[role="child_attributes"]
[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api-request-body]]
==== {api-request-body-title}

`deleted_document_count`::

> (Required, int) The document count the sync job deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Required, int) The number of documents the sync job deleted.
```

`indexed_document_count`::

> (Required, int) The document count the sync job indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Required, int) The number of documents the sync job indexed.
```

`indexed_document_volume`::

> (Required, int) The document volume the sync job indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Required, int) The total size of the data the sync job indexed.
```

consider adding units

Author: Good point, added with https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/103469/commits/68903fdd6eaa50a207f167aacbb073f19cb8c100

`total_document_count`::

> (Optional, int) The total document count in the target index after the sync job finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, int) The total number of documents in the target index after the sync job finished.
```

`last_seen`::

> (Optional, instant) The timestamp to set `last_seen` of the connector sync job to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, instant) The timestamp to set the connector sync job's `last_seen` property.
```

property or attribute?

Author: Can you explain the difference between the terms in the context of docs? I'm not familiar with it 🤔

Reviewer: not sure either what the technical term for what `last_seen` is in this context, i.e. I think it's a "property" of the sync job...

[[set-connector-sync-job-stats-api-response-codes]]

> ==== {api-response-codes-title}

Reviewer: Guess we should have a 404 too right?

Author: Yes good catch, added it with https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/103469/commits/9a489f92a1a977c40d1a24148ee0f7624de4d30a
